This bastard
I'm going to kill you!
Bastard, how dare you call it
Don't think you
Did you forget what Mr. Just said?
It's dangerous, I just want to remind you.
If a woman
I just want to embarrass the girl at home all day
Then what qualifications does he have to be a hostess?
Are you right?
madam
What are you a jerk for?
Loyalty is not what keeps wealthy marriages together
It's profit.
You are a cheap tourist
Who else besides selling their bodies?
Long to come
I'll show you what I can do
What the hell is all this about?
In 10 minutes
I want to know what all their talents are
Mrs. Fallin's information has been found out
He is the daughter of the Sha family in Beijing
She is also the sister of Mr. Jingcheng Sha who has been missing for many years
What!
He turned out to be Mr. Sha's sister
To Mr. Sha's sister
How can you be friends at my house?
Yes!
He's risking information about Mr. Sand's sister
deception
Hello
Is that Mr. Sha?
I have something very important to tell you
It's about your charm